# Meeting notes

## Present people

- Jacopo Abramo
- Giorgia Tortora
- Nils Norlin
- Ondrej Stranik

## Talking points

- Analysis of the letter of intent (prepared by Benedict Diederich) for the CZI EOSS grant

## Discussion

We started reviewing the document prepared by Benedict. Some discussion went into the following points:

- Integrating ChatGPT to speed up automation;
  - Jacopo: I don't like this very much, GPT models may create a tendency on sitting on the result without checking it beforehand;
  - Giorgia: GPTs are a nice tool for checking results but I agree that they may create some risks;
  - Nils: there was a project called [napari-chatgpt](https://github.com/royerlab/napari-chatgpt) that uses OpenAI APIs to communicate with napari; but it requires a subscription plan
- Enhanced compatibility with other projects such as [Pycro-Manager](https://github.com/micro-manager/pycro-manager) and the [Acquire project](https://github.com/acquire-project)
  - Giorgia: Acquire will be presented by one of the representatives of CZI during the workshop in Milan on the 27th of September
  - Jacopo: I'm currently trying to integrate Pycro-Manager into ImSwitch as an extra device layer; there are some limitations which I'm encountering which would require more work on the Pycro-Manager side; Henry Pinkard is very helpful in answering questions/add hotfixes though;
  - Jacopo: enhanced compatibility can also mean passing through a different set of APIs for custom devices (see [ophyd](https://nsls-ii.github.io/ophyd/architecture.html))
  - Jacopo: CZI may be **very** interested if we show that both napari and Acquire are key points to the project (Acquire is a CZI internal project; napari has received a great deal of investements into it from CZI itself...)
- Could integration via Hypha/ImJoy:
  - Jacopo: this is a strong point that I would love to have into ImSwitch, but unfortunately I do not think that the project is mature enough to sustain such a heavy workload;
- Adding ImSwitch as tag in [image.sc](https://forum.image.sc/):
  - Jacopo: The website requests that one person should be promoted to representative of the project; I could take up that part in case we need a "face";
  - Nils: [Zulip](https://imagesc.zulipchat.com/) is a real-time chat that can also be used in alternative to Discord for message exchange with the community;
  - Jacopo: this is the point where we need to start pushing for more "publicity" for ImSwitch to gain momentum/exposure.
- Grant "representative" and engineers labor division:
  - Jacopo: the bulk of the money should go exclusively to hire professional personelle; initially me and Benedict proposed to hire the people focused on this in Jena since a lot of ImSwitch developers/users are here, hence we would have a more direct line of communication for the development.
  - Jacopo: the representative should be a PI that knows ImSwitch well and uses it on a regular base; Francisco would be a prime candidate for this -> would he be interested in being PI for the grant proposal?
  - Nils: we should keep in mind that some money could be redirected for other purposes, and distributed to all the participants; even a very low percentage (1-2%)
 
## TODOs:
- Review the LOI prepared by Benedict and add/comment new or existing points to it
